Adds error page and latency page for APIM analytics (#3927)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/observe/api-manager-analytics/analytics-pages/analytics-pages-latency.md

# Latency Page
![latency page full]({{base_path}}/assets/img/observe/latency/latency-page-full.png)

The latency page latency stats of API calls that happened within the API management deployment. 
Page will include summary view into the slowest APIs and then offer per API drill-down view to do further analysis.
You can use this page as the starting point for debugging API slowness. See the topics given below to get details of the available widgets.

## Page Walk Through
The following topics walk you through the main features available for monitoring API latency.

### Top 10 Slowest API Chart

> You can use line chart to figure out the slowest APIs of the API Management system at a glance. Since these are the APIs that contribute to the higher 95th percentile of the system, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use line charts to find the slowest APIs of the API management system at a glance. Since these are the APIs that contribute to the higher 95th percentile of the system, improving these APIs lowers the 95th percentile of latency in the API Management system.
```

improving these APIs will lower the 95th percentile of latency in the API Management system.

![slowest apis]({{base_path}}/assets/img/observe/latency/slowest-apis.png)
### Latencies by Category

> This widget provides further drill down to the above chart. You can use the API selector in this widget to select the slow API you identified in the earlier step to troubleshoot further.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This widget allows you to further drill down details in the above chart. Use the API selector in this widget to select the slow API you identified in the earlier step and then troubleshoot further. Use the charts available in the widget to view the 95th percentile and the median latency of the components given below over the selected period.
```

> Using the charts available in the widget you can now view the 95th percentile and median latency of below three components over the selected time period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Backend
- Request mediation
- Response mediation

![latency by category]({{base_path}}/assets/img/observe/latency/latency-by-category.png)

> By referring these charts now you can narrow it down to the component level where the slowness occurs. Also since both median and 95th percentile is present you can decide whether the slowness

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use these charts to drill down to the component level where the slowness occurs. Also, because you can see both the median and 95th percentile, you can easily identify whether the slowness is occurring in each request or whether it is intermittent.
```

> is occurring in each request or whether it is intermittent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
